# CSCI561_AI_SearchAlgorithms
Project Description
  In this project, we twist the problem of path planning a little bit just to give you the opportunity to deepen your understanding of search algorithms by modifying search techniques to fit the criteria of a realistic problem.
  The goal of this mission is to send a sophisticated mobile lab to Mars to study the surface of the planet more closely. We are invited to develop an algorithm to find the optimal path for navigation of the rover based on a particular objective.
The input of our program includes a topographical map of the mission site, plus some information about intended landing site and target locations and some other quantities that control the quality of the solution. The surface of the planet can be imagined as a surface in a 3- dimensional space. A popular way to represent a surface in 3D space is using a mesh-grid with a Z value assigned to each cell that identifies the elevation of the planet at the location of the cell. At each cell, the rover can move to each of 8 possible neighbor cells: North, North-East, East, South-East, South, South-West, West, and North-West. Actions are assumed to be deterministic and error-free (the rover will always end up at the intended neighbor cell).
The rover is not designed to climb across steep hills and thus moving to a neighboring cell which requires the rover to climb up or down a surface which is steeper than a particular threshold value is not allowed. This maximum slope (expressed as a difference in Z elevation between adjacent cells) will be given as an input along with the topographical map.
